Overview:
---------
In this project you will use what you learned about optimizers to optimize 
a portfolio. That means that you will find how much of a portfolio's funds 
should be allocated to each stock so as to optimize it's performance. 
We can optimize for many different metrics. In previous versions of this 
assignment, we tried to maximize Sharpe Ratio. We're changing it this time 
to define "optimal" as minimum volatility.

You will leverage the functions you created in the last project that 
assessed the value of a portfolio with a given set of allocations.

Task:
-----
Implement a Python function named optimize_portfolio() in the file 
optimization.py that can find the optimal allocations for a given set of 
stocks. You should optimize for minimum volatility (i.e., standard deviation
of daily return).

The function should accept as input a list of symbols as well as start and 
end dates and return a list of floats (as a one-dimensional numpy array) 
that represents the allocations to each of the equities. You should take 
advantage of routines developed in the portfolio analysis project to 
compute daily portfolio value and statistics. You should cut-and-paste 
your code for the functions that did this from the last project into 
optimization.py.

You are given the following inputs for optimizing a portfolio:

A date range to select the historical data to use (specified by a start and
end date).
Symbols for equities (e.g., GOOG, AAPL, GLD, XOM). Note: You should support 
any symbol in the data directory.

Your goal is to find allocations to the symbols that optimize the criteria 
given above. Assume 252 trading days in a year and a risk free return of 
0.0 per day. You should implement the following API EXACTLY, 
if you do not your submission will be penalized.

import datetime as dt
allocs, cr, adr, sddr, sr = \
    optimize_portfolio(sd=dt.datetime(2008,1,1), ed=dt.datetime(2009,1,1), \
    syms=['GOOG','AAPL','GLD','XOM'], gen_plot=False)

Where the returned output is:

allocs: A 1-d Numpy ndarray of allocations to the stocks. All the allocations 
must be between 0.0 and 1.0 and they must sum to 1.0.
cr: Cumulative return
adr: Average daily return
sddr: Standard deviation of daily return
sr: Sharpe ratio

The input parameters are:
sd: A datetime object that represents the start date
ed: A datetime object that represents the end date
syms: A list of symbols that make up the portfolio
gen_plot: If True, create a plot named plot.png
"""

